what's up with you boy end of the or
than lion northern lion here with
another Isaac episode we lost badly as
lil as last time and I feel bad about it
but you know what let's try to make it
like productive badness does that make
any sense who do we not have boss rush
on Magdalen congratulations you just
made my list of things to do today
SX mv0 qc6 renew those bad feelings from
our last loss even though it was like
seven hours ago at this point we're
going to use those feelings productively
so hopefully few will a victory here
there's no you know there's no excuse
said to the run sort of spunk and
there's no there's no infuse necessary
is how I would describe it because
there's no secret that Lilith is you
know far from my best character we
didn't exactly have a killer run there
and we paid the consequence but I also
could have played better I firmly
believe that you know within that run
somewhere was a victory on some runs I
don't think there is at least not for a
player in my skill level if you're like
extremely good you might be able to pull
it out but on that one I don't know it
was it was distant but it existed mostly
because we had a hive mind infestation
too but we also had like almost no
ability to kill things which you know
comes back to bite you in the butt
sometimes especially when you combine
that with the fact that I took deals
with the devil that maybe we're a little
bit overly aggressive but I digress
we're dwelling on the past year my
present is a present weight my presence
is a present kiss my butt because that's
what Kanye West says please stay away
from me
I do want your spirit R because
apparently I can't get bombs to open up
the other tinted rocks it's like he
moves slightly further on every attempt
even if he's already basically colliding
with the wall
you know what I never got about Game of
Thrones why is it that one of the
brothers is called the mountain and the
other one is called the hound there's
two ways you could do this you can call
the mountain the Fox then you got the
Fox from the hound or you could call the
Hound of the valley and you've got the
mountain in the valley is this the worst
idea I've ever had
yeah like absolutely but at the same
time didn't it kill 15 seconds of dead
air and also give me the chance to go
dun dun good Adam boom through the thumb
Game of Thrones it's a contentious show
dude because like a lot of people
there's like a subset of people that
have never seen it this is not for you
there's a subset of people who have seen
it and don't like it this is not for you
either
there's the subset of people who love it
this bit is not for you this bit is for
the people like myself who like it but
find themselves like increasingly self
judgemental about it like season 1 of
Game of Thrones I was ladies bold
television season 2 I was like as little
boring but you know it's setting up the
Dominos seasons three and four or no my
reaction seasons three and four and five
and then the end of six I was like we
got some good stuff going on here except
for you know Dorne and then in season
seven so far I found myself kind of
being like why is the lead singer of
three doors down terrorizing our poor
heroes this bit has no staying power I
just wanted to point out that this
season's villain if you google it this
season's villains name I'm not going to
say because these people haven't caught
up to this point yet and I know
everybody everybody's so flippin with
spoilers these days they're always like
a tit episode aired on Sunday they
haven't seen it by now scrolling yeah
it's not realistic in today's world
people got responsibilities and studies
and kids and you know stuff like that
but you can't do you might not have HBO
they got it they got to wait it out
google him and send me the responses by
the way I would love to see them
that guy's name and then search for the
lead singer of three doors down and then
is there any way you could put that
through the face app to make him like 15
years older than he was at the time of
the Kryptonite music video and then
compare them swap outfits I don't know
if I could tell who's who that's all I'm
saying like it's a common face type like
I also have not not necessarily a friend
not that it matters for the purposes of
this conversation but there's there's a
an acquaintance I used to have who has a
similar face to the three doors down
singer and even as like we met when we
were like 12 even then I was like kind
of look like the singer of three doors
down I didn't say it to him at his face
or to his face at that point because you
know I wasn't quite the Northern Line
that you know and love today add the
self-confidence to just be like hey
anyone ever tell you you look like dude
from three doors down view is that you
baby I'm not going to go down that road
again because I mostly don't really like
that song and every time I bring it up I
end up regretting it cuz everyone goes
how do you not like that song and I go
oh my God look it's good then everyone's
they go for the jugular dude when I say
I don't like here without you they
always go like Oh with name a song you
do like Rio by Duran Duran it's trash
let me present my primary sources as to
why you can't convince me that Rio by
Duran Duran is trash I've got the
dirtiest bassline in 80s music great
vocal line hold the line love isn't
always on time and each end no chance
okay check our shop here we're actually
like extraordinarily well equipped for
party here I don't want any of that
stuff because it's garbage I will take
the hangman did a heck out of Dodge so
many bombs now
look at that wonderful situation I think
it's because people get personal because
here without you is like one of those
it's a sentimental song if you're the
kind of person who's like you know if
you're attractive that sort of music and
I don't mean attractive in like a
capital A sort of way like like you want
to have intercourse with the song but ah
you know that's your thing then more
power to you
contact TLC make a quick buck out of it
that's my suggestion it's the kind of
song that could be like your why did I
take the kind of song that could be like
your song with your wife or something
like that was like our first dance and
our wedding you know it's another song I
do not like that I have experienced this
with when I've insulted it is amazed by
Blue Rodeo that no I only do what you do
so in love with you it just keeps
getting better you know that song I'm a
songs trash people you would expect most
of the time are not very defensive about
their musical tastes are like yo yo bro
though that one is the sacred cow don't
even touch that one I don't know if I
have a song like that for me there's
probably somewhere I'm like you just got
to respect it I do feel that way a
little bit when people and I'm not
dangling but when people just write off
Kanye West because of his ego I don't
get overly defensive about it but when
they're like I don't think he's going to
have any impact on the music industry
like the most influential artists in the
mainstream at least of like the past 15
years well when we went to college
dropouts on that last 13 years he's made
a huge mark on the music industry you
just it's okay if you just say I don't
really like his music and I also think
he's a bad person that's one thing
whenever and not whenever but sometimes
you know this was in a Dan video he was
talking to a guy who was otherwise like
really nice and he's entitled to his own
personal opinions but he's like Holly is
just superficial I don't think
is going to have any effect on the music
industry you know long term like five
years down the road and I was like you
listening to yourself
dude still rocking banana pancakes by
Jack Johnson he thinks Kanye West isn't
going to have any impact on the music
industry anyway but that's just ignorant
man that's just being ignorant
please give me a deal with the devil the
opportunity to remove from my possession
are two remaining red heart containers
in favor of that item is still forgotten
the name of that takes all of our red
hearts
I don't think butter does anything for
us here we've never picked it up I think
so sure let's hold onto it but there are
items this will work with and we might
be able to find them so I think that
item is actually just gone for my memory
dude say no more team we got this
continuum dude why not our range kind of
stinks right now but continuum can be
cool moving forward and we're opening up
all of these because it's our solemn
hope and dream okay so butter not the
best choice I would say for shoopdawhoop
it makes it unusable so I would suggest
that probably we don't want to roll with
it but I'm going to keep it for now just
in case because what we want is like the
gift right from the shop if we can get
the gift we should be good I'm like
backpedaling here because I already
regret having brought up musical tastes
over the course of an episode because
it's a sore spot for me when I was
younger I was invested you know I was
like no you don't understand the best
album of 2004 is not funeral by Arcade
Fire it's apologies for the Queen Mary
by Wolf Parade because mom loves Penta
crowd blahblah and you know that's all
fine and well and good but it turns in a
kind of a snob and the arguments over
like whose taste is better is just like
the stupidest thing to use as a penile
measuring contest you know choosing your
friends based on what kind of music they
listen to is a very don't take this the
wrong way okay so a lot of people do
this and I did this for a long time my
life as well it's kind of a juvenile
exercise to be like oh why are you guys
friends well
like you know does it Kendrick Lamar
okay I mean it's not a certainly not a
bad thing dude I really thought that
this would give us a second diplopia
just leveling with you there's I mean
there's worse reasons you can be friends
because you both don't like Kendrick
Lamar in which case that seems both
wrong and not necessarily spiteful but
at the same time you know there's other
things like how they treat the people
around them you know the values they
hold since humor they have which of
course is influenced by the media to
some extent the media they like I should
say either way I'm getting off topic all
I'm saying is didn't mean to turn it
into like them you know your music
versus my music sort of things I don't
like that argument I think we should all
be free to say our opinions without
turning it into like a you know an
ego-driven sort of like oh yeah well
pitchfork media thinks that my taste is
better than yours
get dusted you've unlocked something
cute in the depths could we not though
dude this is going to be like record
time
we are absolutely torching this run I'm
using I knew I shouldn't be because we
have good damage but I am dusting this
run to a high degree looking for an
arcade I guess because I could use a
little bit more speed but we did not get
one which is OK in and of itself
scheduled handled taken care of and I'm
guaranteeing personally life on the line
manage of mush is in one of these
mushrooms right here we went through
this whole floor I really really I mean
that's almost magical mushroom you don't
want to get technical I really really
gave it a shot but er didn't do it for
us
I was I got diplopia I was hoping I'd be
able to reuse diplopia over and over it
didn't work I tried the lesson is never
try so instead we're going to roll
Liberty Cap and Liberty Cap + shift loop
like our competitive advantage is
getting read oculus
at this point we should have pretty much
no means to fail this run which I've
said many many times and sometimes it
proves to be incorrect but we'll see how
that happens as time goes on either way
I'm not saying you shouldn't be
passionate about music I'm just saying
you know as I've gotten older things
have become more I guess like I've
reprioritized elements of my life I
understand by the way what it's like
growing up I grew up in the suburbs Ben
Folds Five style lock up and health up
over and over you and I basically like I
don't know about you guys but I was in
the suburbs basically I went to school I
came home as soon as I got home I did
all my homework and then I was like I
got nothing to do for like 4 hours after
this so I would just play like video
games listen to music watch movies you
know TV nothing wrong with that's how
the majority of people live their lives
but at that young age you know you're
still kind of searching for an identity
that sort of came to define me you know
I mean I think that's true for for
teenagers in general in particular young
adults you know they define themselves
to some extent by by their hobbies would
also by the media that they consume and
then you know it's nothing wrong with
them just comes everything comes into
more focus from an identity standpoint I
think though the older you get in the
more life experience that you accrue
behind you like I could care less in
this day and age like what what your
favorite movie of 2014 is I mean to be
honest II couldn't remember what my
favorite movie of 2014 is what came out
in 2014 that was good I'm not this is
mostly me trying to think of a single
movie that came out in 2014 you know
what I mean let me go aside your best
movies of 2014 here we go
boyhood didn't see it heard great things
Nightcrawler loved it whiplash oh dude
there we okay yeah do I love the
whiplash Winter Soldier great movie gone
girl also fantastic but guardians of the
galaxy sure yeah interstellar I think I
like it more than the average person
and I don't give it too much flak for
the ending even though I think it's a
little silly I also think people take
Anne Hathaway's quote near the end of
that movie out of context deliberately
to get mad but that's a story for an NL
SS either way where was that going here
oh yeah like I'm much more inclined I
think as I've gotten older to judge
people less on you know the kind of
media that they consume and more on like
you know how does this person treat the
people around them you know do they do
they take pride in what they do you know
are they good nature in another wise
affable are they reliable etc etc these
have become more important as you know
priorities and life have shifted and
then like number five is like how do you
feel about Charlie Kaufman's magnum opus
adaptation flash Eternal Sunshine of the
spotless mind are you more of a Charlie
Kaufman or a Donald Kaufman from
adaptation and moreover who's the true
antagonist of that movie is it Meryl
Streep is it Chris Cooper is it is it
Charlie himself these are questions for
another day dude if you haven't seen
adaptation I'm not hinting it as a joke
but it shouldn't be because it's a
wonderful movie it genuinely wonderful
delightful brave imaginative filmmaking
yeah we'll just take Robin baby we don't
need anything else here what we do need
to do is explore our item room in our
shop yeah I mean this has been like kind
of an overly preaching start to an Isaac
episode but you can't always jump right
into a reverence I wish I could I tried
with that Game of Thrones thing it
didn't take the graft was rejected so
instead you know what's the secondary
fallback is uh-oh let me tell you you
know the places you'll go after-school
special all right let's throw a bomb
down here and we got nothing anyway I've
been going well thank you for your
support in the new save file I think
we're trucking along we're still
unlocking like a new thing every episode
which we should enjoy well at last
because that's not going to be the case
forever eventually it's going to be you
know one new thing two out of every
three episodes and before we know it
it's you know we've got to have
so I do appreciate this period of
novelty where we're dealing with a
smaller item pool which is actually kind
of fun to you know labor under this
restriction
if anybody's asking a two of hearts sure
I'll just use that again I don't think
we should buy anything else I think we
should donate it would be okay to get an
arcade on the next floor and I should
remember that I have to do boss rush
that's the whole reason for being here
at this point why can't I think of that
item
dude this is bothering me item Issac
takes all hearts gives spirit hearts
fear shot not to be roused demon hearts
give me a so evil plus damage up plus
fear shut evil plus damage Abaddon
Abaddon good returned if I wanted to
serve you just keep on watching my run
thanks to the abalone I will never
forget that one again until tomorrow we
don't need to fix I mean there's no
reason not to pick it up but spike but
let's do it dude grab this kit gun fuck
outta Dodge
just of course you know it's a lot
easier to bond over the kind of media
that people like because the otherwise
you end up turning into me you know you
meet somebody no what are your little
your passion life what drives you I'm
running my friend criteria on you right
now to determine what our compatibility
matches if I ask you to help me move
what would you say for the record the
answer should be no if you just meet
someone they ask you to move you should
say no I won't help you move not because
you're a rude person but because that's
way inappropriate of an ask for somebody
after just meeting them I know you've
seen a lot of Wes Anderson movies this
is how sometimes you know the
protagonist meets the love interest but
if I made someone Friday night and
they're like I'm moving Saturday morning
can you help me like with your truck
first off I'd be like I don't have a
truck you have a Ford Focus
50 bucks every time I say that thanks
for Motor Company secondly I'd be like
no that's ridiculous
you're asking me to give up you know in
theory what would be a weekend day
someone I've just met I'm not a saint
I'm selfish with my time to some extent
I'll admit that I think you have to well
sometimes you have to be being generous
with your time is considered a good
trait but sometimes you're too generous
with your time people will take
advantage of it
you got to strike the balance between
being charitable without being like a
pushover I guess this I don't know again
why this episode is tilted into being
like a you know after-school special
episode I never got to give a
valedictorian speech I don't even know
if our school had a valedictorian and
I'm being straight up with you I
wouldn't have qualified on marks alone
probably you know maybe top 10 out of a
graduating class of 80 not bad I can
live with that
very small high school but just can't
remember if we even had a valedictorian
speech but I did I was at that our High
School commencement last month and I
heard the valedictorian speech and it
was done well but I was also like all
right I remember valedictorian speech
it's like it's been extra it's been it's
been you know X years since we you know
walked into these doors and man when I
first started I was really anxious at
first I was afraid and I was petrified
but now if I'd known what I know now I
would go back and try to enjoy the
experience and then you'd follow it up
by like a montage of inside jokes like
old from mr. mr. hard homes nose hairs
all the way to Miss Trunchbull hammer
throwing we all had a good time at the
school although I think we all agree
meat loaf Mondays could have been a
little better and then everybody laughs
and you laugh because you get the joke
even though you you don't have the
shared experience
that's right you cheat a lap in there
not laugh like a cheetah which is my
favorite Steve Miller Band song left
like a cheetah
obviously Polaroid dog choose your way
out of this oh we want dude we get a
chance at redemption here infestation -
I'm a happy man not go I was pretty bad
not great for dealing with boss rush
specifically but really really good for
the rooms like pretty much every room
that comes after it we might be able to
do the hush fight on this one as well
and I don't believe we've done the hush
fight as Maggie so that's a it's a
pretty big get for us I'm hopeful
actually that we can get to the point
where we fight like a chub you know
Larry jr. hollow sort of situation and
as a result we just get enough spiders
to carry us for a couple ways I think
it's more likely than you might consider
it first blush should not just be
walking into enemies that's a that's
laziness and honestly laziness kind of a
a slow and insidious killer in Isaac
especially on boss rush some nasty
damage there would be pretty got me High
Priestess actually good
does this guy smoke that guy easy money
you almost got me there
so what do we need to be able to fight
hush here honestly rate of fire with the
pickup solely of wide try then with the
pickup of of skinny odd mushroom our
rate of fire has pretty much been sorted
forever here we are a little bit light
on damage as a result of the damage
multiplier even if it is a downgrade it
is a multiplier it's just as you know
the relative proportion under 1.0 it's
it's holding us back a little bit in the
damage Department but I think it was
worth it for the very very quick tears
upgrade that it gave us and kind of
allowed us to start balling out of
control pretty early on this one which
was important especially after you know
my confidence took a hit on the last one
so I'll take my licks right now as a
result of you know getting stronger
earlier tanky dude or he was below
ground the whole time should give a
healthy amount of spiders here if any
amount of spiders is a healthy amount
there's probably a healthy amount of
spiders to have right spiders are good
bugs and from a human standpoint because
they eat other bugs the university I
went to it's kind of slightly unique but
also infamous for students after the
first year never living or very rarely
living in dormitories instead they live
off-campus in houses that are you know
close to the university it's basically
like a pseudo slum it's because I we
used to call it the ghetto but in
hindsight that's ridiculous because you
know everybody's there their parents are
like they have a household income of
like you know at least ninety thousand
dollars a year
or something like that it's not like I'm
just being honest with you it's not like
living in a in a favela or something
like that I'm not trying to say living
in a favela sucks I'm just saying I have
no concept of it except for Max Payne 3
but you know we have to use a TV that my
parents don't want anymore probably does
not qualify it as a ghetto but either
way despite not really being a ghetto
there were like centipedes that
inhabited the area that I don't know if
there were centipedes millipedes I'ma be
honest with you there might be Giga
beans they were outrageously large they
were called ghetto bugs and dude
everyone was always like don't kill the
ghetto bugs they kill the spiders then
when you see a ghetto bug you're like oh
my god what's going to kill that cuz
we're we're screwed dude people in
Vancouver don't know how lucky they have
it I'm not speaking about the Tri City
area you're the greater metropolitan
area of Vancouver I mean like Vancouver
proper there are almost no bugs
depending on what part of the city
you're in this is the first city in my
entire life where I've ever encountered
silverfish which are weird pests that
eat through your clothes and they're
pretty disgusting but apart from that
dude it's like a bug free existence
might see the occasional fly very very
rarely a mosquito but apart from that
it's like growing up in you know more
rural Canada it's you know the summer
time you can go the whole summer and get
like one mosquito bite that's outrageous
now lucky that is that's incredible
I hear though in Seattle did and you
know correct me if I'm wrong you're
right I'll get to every city eventually
by the way if you're watching this and
you're like I live in Riyadh Saudi
Arabia I'm coming with a Riyadh anecdote
I don't know when but I assure you that
it's on my list
okay might as well take strength it
could be valuable and actually is well
it's not valuable but it could have been
we didn't need all this but so be it
stick with e ah you know what the
strength card is actually really good
for fighting hush for the multiplier the
damage multiplier although losing
permanent polaroid invincibility will
stink something it's worth it
help me good stop dude scary but we made
it happen
I heard Seattle's spider Central is what
I was going to say which I'm actually
fine with I don't love spiders but I'm
not I'm not a person that I would say is
afraid of spiders I'm not particularly
perturbed by spiders I when I see them
if cait's like get rid of that spider
I'm like all right I can get rid of I'm
not going to you know I have a panic
attack from touching that spider
jellyfish if there was like a jellyfish
on the floor in our living room I'd be
like we have to move first we have to
burn the place down and then we have to
move because I it's not that one
jellyfish cognitively I can handle one
jellyfish if I was like if I touch this
jellyfish I'll never have to see another
jellyfish again no problem
you know I I'd suck it up but it's it's
the idea that if there was one jellyfish
that then made it into the you know
living room how many jellyfish are there
that I'm unaware of and what are they
going to do like are they I'm going to
be going to bed at night thing and a
jellyfish first thought when I wake up
is there a jellyfish there like it's
going to be jellyfish Central dude not a
good environment for me live near
jellyfish I can eat jellyfish no problem
and I have rarely but more than once ah
but touching a jellyfish not really
interested to be honest I'll pass
Hunger Games no thanks
I'm still full from the jellyfish that I
ate earlier that's a joke obviously cuz
you ain't getting filled up on jellyfish
this Beach jellyfish like its whole body
weighs like we're talking about like a
Portuguese Man O War what is a jellyfish
weigh like eight grams okay so we've got
kind of a an archetype here and the
archetype is before the hush fight we
throw away all of our HP that would make
it plausible to defeat hush
just be careful here I know we shouldn't
use sac dagger probably but it's also
like by far our best damage dealer we do
have a strength card backing us up good
good good good good we do have a
strength card backing us up the idea
from my perspective at least is we could
probably still do the hush fight we're
getting two items out of it hopefully a
good deal
Abaddon these deals are not they are
take Abul but I don't think they're
worth using what we would have had to
use so this is almost like near suicidal
but I still think it's it's worth
checking so we're checking let's go peep
this halo do sorted ruins permanent
polaroid invincibility and actually
doesn't give us that much benefits but
it's hard for me to say no to the halo I
don't know if we care about either of
those we don't care about anything in
here bomb bag that BOM BA Bom Bom Bom
is not great to be honest sherry is
pretty pretty useful you can't donate
anything we don't need a ladder you
don't eat at well we'll take bomb bag to
blow this thing up
tell appeals well this could give us an
error room if one can exist we use
action but no you fool you don't want a
narrow room what have you done you were
gonna fight hush well now honestly I
think we were in a tight spot and we
might have died so you know the longer
I'm thinking about this the more I'm
like maybe this is actually completely
fine because we've gotten the benefit of
at least the items from being down here
and we got an escape route I am that was
a mistake or let me put it this way it
was unintentional I think it might be
like good unintentional I think it might
be for the best a happy accident
for instance either way we got boss rush
done that was not very smart of me you
got boss rush done we will probably be
Sheol which will check something off
we'll probably beat the chest which will
knock something off here and we're
guilty of having a successful Maggie run
although we could have could have gotten
more
yeah not tomorrow on my behalf there but
we will go back here because we want to
get to Thanks we want to get to the
curse room even if it costs us our life
it's still worth it because it could be
a guppy item and either way we're
getting the spirit heart on the way out
we might have to cost ourselves two
lives I haven't really thought that far
ahead
let's see here come on one gum p1 gum no
guppy died on the way out respond
outside that's perfect
sounded sarcastic was genuine that would
that actually is completely okay for us
how we're definitely I'm going to get
the chest done this might actually be
the end of this run now I think about it
cuz we're on we run sholde not on the
cathedral so I'm not actually sure if
the if the dark room has been unlocked I
would hazard to guess that it has not
been online how many times did we get
this choice like every run it's like do
you want to ship the whoop how about I
can then just doing a Tammy's head
instead they're both they're both fine
ship it was probably a little bit better
but Tammy said we can use more often and
I have a big bias towards that who knows
with continuum it might be a better
choice than normal but probably not
because our range is not particularly
huge maybe a little bit above average
but even at I'm sort of skeptical of
so we can't really cheese a multi-phase
boss just by running into it you gonna
have to play a little better
than we otherwise would have to here
phase one should be done without taking
any damage this guy you want to you want
to roast him like right away this is the
hard part bait him into an attack drop
bombs remember when I thought Satan was
like the hardest enemy in the game I
mean this run is good enough that we
shouldn't be complaining about many
enemies you never fear are many enemies
you can clearly look good we got it as
long as you know what to do the dark
room we got it I mean we won okay let's
just count that as a win and we'll try
this it should not work but you got to
pay the piper sometimes right especially
this is like my penance for losing a
class run now we go into this one and we
got to beat Delirium like without taking
any damage with nine lives so prepare to
suffer
it doesn't matter like as long as we
don't get hit at the end of this fight
we're good
HP is important but really we don't
possess the tools required to beat a
delirium at the present moment
infamy helps one spirit art for infamy
is a totally okay trade now when I said
that HP doesn't matter you know thinking
about that for like two seconds it's
just not correct every spirit art
actually matters a great deal here if we
can get up to like eight spirit arts I'd
give us an okay chance at winning but
every spirit art probably raises our
chances quite a lot up to a certain
point at least but whether or not we get
there remains to be seen lockdown I
don't really mind you know obviously the
more the merrier but we're not going to
be relying on too many drops
because they don't give us guaranteed
items down here anyway so why bother
right
congratulations so we should use Book of
Revelations like persistently I wish we
could store our Book of Revelations
spirit or it's not on our person but it
is what it is so just play well we had a
license to not play well earlier because
if I died uh you know who cares and take
a little damage you respawn later and
make the best of it there's a spirit are
down the drain unfortunately fast bombs
are actually like highly irrelevant wow
we're so small we can fit through there
well that's what she said doesn't make
any sense he liked robbing a bank or
something that's what she said like a
Martin Lawrence Bluestreak sort of
situation halo applies is again
basically like okay power pill this is
fine right now we can we can take power
pill in with us to a boss fight we
should do one room first so we get the
maximum charges here I'm genuinely given
this a shot I am playing in my you know
may trademark aggressive style but I'm
for real given this my own
I'm leaving those spirit arts behind
until later until the final moment I'm
not anticipating you know walking into
this fight and just rolling over and
dying if it happens at least we were
going to die knowing that we tried to
make it work right it would be nice and
this is obvious but it'd be really nice
as we get gum Ptah that way we could get
HP permanent polaroid invincibility and
the gup-e transformation do some real
damage with SAC dagger and feel a lot
better about things so I'm going to use
power pill and I probably should not but
we oh we owe it to everybody to try to
win on this one I don't think we will in
fact just take I'm going to try to take
me out basically okay get your get your
spear in our back here so again we're
underwear understanded for dealing with
this but
things go right we can be okay now we
know where delirium is and you know your
life is a resource Magic the Gathering
style yeah can I get those fries Magic
the Gathering style please we don't have
any extra HP so as of right now that
bloody penny is not worth anything but
it could be our saving grace if we get
more HP and somehow an ability to create
money now that I think about it we're a
few steps away from greatness but it
could happen some point in our own
future here that was not smart masks of
infamy alright I almost walked right
into that dustin become Guster
please roid rage is good not good enough
okay well I would give us like a five
percent chance of winning but there are
there are outs for us as low percentages
they might be there are outs and that's
why there's a health upgrade and full
health we can store that it might be for
the best not to do these but
I think we're we're taking the low
percentage plays because you have to
take the low percentage plays at this
point we need spirit arts wherever
available and it's going to be a lot of
due diligence here but let's just think
of it less as doing due diligence that
we don't have to do and more as like
doing exactly what we have to do to not
squander like 35 minutes of beats and
eyes that could happen just before this
so we're blowing up absolutely
everything nice okay very good actually
I would say that probably we're at the
point already we're blowing up or well
yeah I think it's a smart idea but I
think we're at the point already where
we're better off using our full health
card and then or flail pill and then
holding onto our devil card for the boss
fight so we got as of right now six HP
we can always get a little bit more by
not taking damage but getting Book of
Revelations charged up it's working
pretty well so far this stuff we might
be able to oh there's delirium that's
right there might be you know one more
spirit hard to eke out in terms of
gameplay like Book of Revelations
Salomon whatever can get from tinted
rocks and random skulls and etc etcetera
at this point
sign me up dude oh he's fun right on top
of me that's alright we've actually
we've made like huge strides here come
on come on you got this now
blow this up another full health pill
and a power pill well we'd be silly not
to use the power pill dude this is like
if we had dark bombs this room is
actually an instant wind well a very
belabored wind actually but a win
nonetheless together the world card okay
see a little bit more about place we
call home pale blue dot sun card fair
play so red I mean I'm just thinking in
terms of our maximums red 8hp right now
we got two spirit arts sitting on the
ground what did I say if we can get the
eight spear in arts I'd consider us to
have above a 50% chance or something
like that that's what I was thinking in
my head at least and sure I could see
that I can see that case being made for
that we're slowly getting to the point
where this run actually seems
conceivable that we will succeed and
just a testament to like you know when
you do your due diligence and Isak
everything changes also by the way the
Book of Revelations pick up in hindsight
actually like ten out of ten there's
even one more spirit heart remaining
back here if we have combat on all these
rooms so again better to think of it not
as due diligence that's like you know
homework but instead this is like how we
don't squander all the time that we've
already spent
oh my god we should we don't have to go
back forward yet we should have gone
back forward earlier probably but we
don't go back for it yet we should still
be able to get a maximum benefit here
now the problem with this in the end is
that it's still wool it's still just
going to be a long and annoying fight
but I'm actually even if we lose I'm
pretty proud of myself for the way that
everything went down here because we
could have just squandered it pretty
easily and then my god what do we care
right
instead the Sun card instead we decided
to try and look at we're being rewarded
we're being rewarded with a chance which
is really all we could have ever asked
for
now if I could be rewarded with like a
little bit more damage that would be
nice as well but no beggars can't be
choosers all right we'll take this and
we'll take this and we're one HP away
from complete Redemption so we'll go
back into this last room here and get
that done and we'll leave with our devil
card and go fight the boss look yes here
we go kind of surprised the descended of
work in output surprised but happy there
we go alrighty so we should have like
twelve eleven eleven to twelve damage
for the box right here it's not horrible
it could be better and this is very much
not my style nor the style with which
I've played this run up to this point
but we should sadly
stay far far away from enemies whenever
possible sac dagger is good
in fact it's substantially better than
good but it doesn't output damage fast
enough to like make up for the the
damage that we'd take in the process so
just slow and steady wins the race dude
we're also going to get very little
infestation to action here only from
enemies that spawn normal enemies the
remaining enemies don't die they just
are repurposed into another form okay
that was two hits that we couldn't
afford to take but you're doing well you
know don't throw the baby out with the
bathwater here you made a bad decision
and now it's time to change that
in the future you can't go back my
presence is a present
kiss my tail Kanye West said that one
that's one of the few enemies I will
forever advocate using using sac dagger
again this guy not so much
we should also use bombs in the right
circumstance it could work out for us I
think you know we have so many bonds we
can just place them and walk away if
they hit sweet if they don't hit as long
as they're not hitting us what do we
care oh this is the perfect yeah we got
a lot of spiders out of that hopefully
still got tons
beep we got half of our HP left
delirium adds like 20% those seem like
good odds to me right Book of
Revelations actually came through in the
clutch with one extra spirit heart that
we squandered almost immediately
afterwards it's still 5 HP left
now easiest decision I make ever in my
life let's just win right now so we
don't have to do this fight seven times
with a decreasing chance versus what we
have right now we've got a 4 HP
remaining and we've squandered so much
okay that one I just I take grave
offense to you spawned on top of me hard
thing to accept right now is that if we
lose this one it's on me because I threw
away a lot of HP
not because we got tella frag ones and I
think that's well I was not ideal to HP
should have taken bloody penny dude or
spiders or spider school that was close
feet no feet
delirium got some Dustin this is our
time
it was highly our time okay we never
should have gotten into such sticky
syrup over the course of that episode
bye hey what's done is done
and we succeeded for now thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed the episode
if you did click the like button it
helps out a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time